Hi all,

sorry, that it took so long to release this new version. I had nearly no
time and always something stupid happened, when I finally wanted to sit down
and work on vgetty. Let's hope this won't continue in the future, but I see
again many dark clouds approaching... :-(

As always this is yet another vgetty test release. I incorporated many
changes and I probably forgot some of the patches, that you mail me. Please
feel free to resubmit them to me. Things have been so chaotic, that I
probably simply missed them by accident. If you plan to submit changes,
please keep in mind: I only accept a unified diff against the latest
released mgetty/vgetty version. Everything else is more work for me and I
don't have the time for that. You can produce a unified diff by first
copying the original uncahnged file to something like file.c.orig and then
use the command "diff -u file.c.orig file.c > patch_for_marc". Thanks a lot!

Please have a look at the voice/ToDo file. If there is something missing,
that you would like to see, please let me know, I probably add it to the
ToDo list. If there is something you want to do, please get in contact with
me first, to avoid, that two people are working on the same problem.

Also if you did something for vgetty and I didn't put you in the voice/Credits
file, please mail me! I don't want to forget someone, but I probably did
already.

Now the good things:

* Bug fixes for some hardware drivers.

* Included fax commands from within a voice shell

* Included the mvm voicemail system

* Included new hardware driver for Multitech modems. Since I don't know the
  ATI code for these modems, I could not include them in detect.c. I'll post
  a patch for that, as soon as I know the code. In the meantime, the driver
  is there, but the modem won't be detected. Same for the pvf conversion
  tools.

* Documentation for the voice shell commands and the vgetty beginners guide
  in voice/doc

The new release is included in the latest mgetty-beta on ftp.leo.org as
always.

Enjoy,
Marc

$Id: Announce,v 1.2 1997/12/16 10:47:58 marc Exp $
