  6) Run the vgetty scripts under a specified user-/group-id. Also
     temporarily run vgetty under that uid. Or even drop all root privs
     as soon as file open/immediately.

  9) Update the documentation.

 24) Make vgetty stay in voice mode all the time from initialization on
     to prevent dialout, if the local phone if off-hook (can only be
     detected in voice mode)

 32) Add a new option to wait between answering the phone and playing
     of the greeting message to allow some modems to detect fax calls
     more reliable.

 36) Add comments to the pvf header (analogous to the pbm tools).

 37) New RMD2 format, that includes timing marks and <DLE> shielding.

 38) Option to send received voice data to a file and to an audio device,
     so that it is possible to listen to incoming messages even without
     the modem speaker.

 39) New bi-directional mode for voice operation to allow full duplex
     voice mode. This is possible with ISDN cards and maybe with some
     modems. Probably requires huge changes to the sources.

 40) Check that mgetty and vgetty speeds do match. If not use mgettys
     speed and log a warning.

 41) Implement new voice shell command HANGUP (to be coupled with
     DIALOUT) so people can e.g. write notification script which don't
     need vgetty to terminate.
     (requested by: "Mark A. Haun" <haunma@angwin.ece.uiuc.edu>)

 42) play file, if not a RMD file, return FILE INVALID to voice shell, do
     not return ERROR. Similarly could also return FILE ACCESS ERROR and
     possibly the errno. ERROR should be for fatal only.

 43) Implement EXECUTE_PROGRAM shell command, which would allow execution
     of listed programs (e.g. an array of programs or scripts/symlinks
     so to not defeat security if there is any). Idea would be to be
     able to do fax polling from voicemail.

 44) Verify that without the CID patch, faxes received by *vgetty* have
     the fax number in their names.

 45) When in answering machine mode, record the messages with the
     caller-ID if available and if configured to do so.

 46) Merge all the voice/libvoice/Multitech_* instances
 

$Id: ToDo,v 1.6 1999/05/15 19:52:10 marcs Exp $
